c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo.pdb
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\obj\Debug\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\obj\Debug\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo.dll
c:\users\lereesa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\obj\Debug\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo.pdb
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo.dll.config
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo.pdb
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\obj\Debug\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\obj\Debug\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo.dll
F:\apollo\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo\obj\Debug\simpletest_LereesaNaidoo.pdb
